add new blogs (#392)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2023-11-10-tetragon-adds-visibility/index.md

---
date: '2023-11-10T12:33:00.000Z'
title: 'Tetragon adds visibility to Kubernetes with open-source runtime security platform'
ogImage: ogimage.png

> ogSummary: 'Learn about Tetragon, a part of the Cilium project, which uses eBPF for providing a powerful runtime security layer'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Learn about the history of Tetragon and its key use cases as a powerful runtime security layer and where it is headed next'
```
